positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_james_17.txt
negative truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_hilton_2.txt
positive deceptive op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_james_1.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_hilton_3.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_james_16.txt
positive deceptive op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_james_14.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_hilton_1.txt
positive deceptive op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_james_3.txt
positive deceptive op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_james_2.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_james_15.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_james_11.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_hilton_4.txt
positive deceptive op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_james_6.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_monaco_9.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_monaco_8.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_james_7.txt
positive deceptive op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_hilton_5.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_james_10.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_james_12.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_hilton_7.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_james_5.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_james_4.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_hilton_6.txt
positive deceptive op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_james_13.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_sofitel_6.txt
positive deceptive op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_monaco_19.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_sofitel_20.txt
positive deceptive op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_monaco_18.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_sofitel_7.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_hilton_20.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_sofitel_5.txt
positive deceptive op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_sofitel_4.txt
positive deceptive op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_sofitel_1.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_hilton_18.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_monaco_20.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_sofitel_3.txt
positive deceptive op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_sofitel_19.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_sofitel_18.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_sofitel_2.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_hilton_19.txt
positive deceptive op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_hilton_14.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_monaco_10.txt
positive deceptive op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_sofitel_15.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_sofitel_14.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_monaco_11.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_hilton_15.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_monaco_13.txt
negative truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_hilton_17.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_sofitel_16.txt
negative truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_sofitel_17.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_hilton_16.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_monaco_12.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_sofitel_9.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_monaco_16.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_hilton_12.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_sofitel_13.txt
positive deceptive op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_sofitel_12.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_hilton_13.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_monaco_17.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_sofitel_8.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_hilton_11.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_monaco_15.txt
positive deceptive op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_sofitel_10.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_sofitel_11.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_monaco_14.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_hilton_10.txt
negative truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_james_9.txt
negative truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_monaco_6.txt
positive deceptive op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_monaco_7.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_james_8.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_hilton_8.txt
positive deceptive op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_monaco_5.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_monaco_4.txt
positive deceptive op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_hilton_9.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_james_20.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_james_18.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_monaco_1.txt
negative truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_james_19.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_monaco_3.txt
positive truthful op_spam_training_data/positive_polarity/truthful_from_TripAdvisor/fold1/t_monaco_2.txt
